Fix: Format in README for list and consistencies (#344)
mautic/user-documentation: README.md

2. Install [Github CLI](https://cli.github.com/) which simplifies Git commands.
3. Create a working folder on your local computer.
4. Open a terminal and navigate to that folder using the command `cd <path/to/folder>`.
5. Fork the `mautic/user-documentation` repository on GitHub by clicking on the 'fork' button at the top right.

> 6. Once forked, if you know your way around Git and you are writing documentation for something which is specific to the latest version of Mautic, you should branch from `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once forked, if you know your way around Git and you are writing documentation for something which is specific to the latest version of Mautic, you should branch from `5.x`.
```

Currently we're on the 5.x version so this should say 5.x.

>    If you are writing documentation for a feature which is coming in a future release - e.g. `5.0` - then branch off the relevant branch for that release, which should generally speaking match the branch used in the main `mautic/mautic` repository - e.g. `5.x`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you are writing documentation for a feature which is coming in a future release - e.g. `6.0` - then branch off the relevant branch for that release, which should generally speaking match the branch used in the main `mautic/mautic` repository - e.g. `6.x`.
```

Let's update this to 6 for clarity.

To do this, run the following at the command line after following the steps below to build the documentation locally.

> 1. Run the command in the `/docs` folder `sphinx-build -b gettext . docs_translations`

Reviewer: We are not actually translating the docs as we couldn't get it to work, so I'd prefer if we removed this whole section (about doing translations) until we actually get it working properly.

4. Install MyST Parser `pip install myst_parser`
5. CD into the docs directory `cd [path to this repo]/docs`
6. Run `make html`

> 7. This will generate HTML in `docs/build/html`. Setup a web server with the web root as `docs/build/html` or open `docs/build/html/index.html` in a browser.

Reviewer: I would add something here about using DDEV - you can just run 'ddev config' and state docs/build/html as the root, then 'ddev start' and it'll run a web server for you. it's how we work with mautic/mautic so most folks are used to it.

Author: I haven't run/done this myself, so I don't want to assume. 😅
But I have a question for clarification.

Do you want to add a step using DDEV or do you want to change the step here with using DDEV?

Also, can you please point me to docs or instructions about DDEV?

Thank you.

### Vale

Before pushing, run Vale and address suggestions and errors as applicable.

1. Install [`vale`][Vale]

> 2. `vale .`

Reviewer: I'd recommend here that we suggest they use VSCode which has the Vale extension configured. As they save their work, it'll underline/highlight issues. See the write up I made here: https://github.com/mautic/mautic-community-handbook/blob/main/docs/contributing/contributing_docs_rst.rst - perhaps we can link to this in the future, at the moment we're still in the process of converting the handbook over to Read the Docs so it's not live anywhere yet.

Author: Does something like this work?

> To work with Vale, we recommend using VSCode as it has the Vale extension configured. 

And then, remove the instructions here. Once the handbook is done, we can link it here.

Any thoughts?

Reviewer: You do need to install Vale first on your local computer, but then using VSCode works very well as we have all the VSCode extensions pre-defined. So maybe something like:

Note: We recommend using VSCode as this repository has all the extensions pre-defined. Other editors will probably have their own Vale linter plugins which help to identify problems as you type and suggest fixes.

You can use the note admonition: https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/notes_warnings.html#notes

Author: Ah, I see.

A quick question, as this README is written in Markdown (not RST) and live on GitHub, should we use the [GitHub admonition](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925) instead?
